double forward
Why did you come back Yiqiu?
I have an important video to develop
Braised beef noodles
Braised beef face
This is a temporary plan I made
Portable barrel instant noodles for people going out
Fried dough cakes can be eaten quickly after soaking in hot water
With south Sichuan red oil soup base
Served with air-dried vegetable buns
Nutrition is very balanced
Nowadays, everyone on the train can't bear to buy a packed lunch.
What about the lunch box you brought?
No, they're cold.
It's the Spring Festival
We put instant noodles like this on the market
Sales are sure to be very hot
After all, when I'm out, I don't want to be just hot
What is the shelf life of your barrel instant noodles?
The shelf life is very often, and it only goes up when you go to the store.
You can wear it without food.
It is also very convenient to carry around when going out.
Your idea is simply brilliant
It's the first of its kind.
Just thinking casually on the train.
Then we are indeed
That is to say
Bright